I swear by god
I declare the whole truth
about the events that occurred in standards of
dream
it is a signal
we will never be missionaries to kill them
as the Lord said we are wise as
the snake and singles like
it does not make sense
to awaken all of us who
we do we start to clean
we are a military man who does not want war
and oman artist who does not believe in killing
but we have no more relationship
we no longer find the one who has affected
this committee is under suspicion
here it was put to the companions and this
is a nest of cures I wonder what
we have done nothing
that I am not well given always by your side
fight with you we always deliver
our room to work at
daily in the slow passing of the years
not supporting frings jens attacks and
sufferings
and if this would be facing the end
gentlemen how much rust has brought out what
you had for the military
I'm worried about you father the
guardians say yes it is that in
loud voice like the rosary
but what to imbibe that I pray
I'm going to stay with your charms
company believes that my colleagues
for the pele the bishop
and all of you who have buried and are going to
bury
because they will live forever and to us
the worms will eat us
to me